Previously on Rescue me...
- You must be the new probie, eh?
- Sean.
He doesn't cook, he doesn't clean.
He doesn't scrub, he doesn't shine.
He doesn't get his balls busted.
- What does he do?
- He plays hoops.
Oh! Oh!
Is this Tommy's remote control?
Are these his sunglasses?
I just wanted to, you know,
a little something of his
just wanted a little piece
of Tommy for myself.
Hey, Franco, it's Alicia.
Call me, baby.
- So what?
- So, go see her.
- What?
- Go see, Alicia.
You say, your absolutely sure
I'm all you want. So, go see her.
I want you to give me that, baby.
- You're crazy.
- No, no, I hate it when you call me crazy.
Just listen to me.
I love this baby.
And that baby loves me.
I'll tell you what you
should be sorry about.
Give me that
bullshit story about
how I couldn't get it up
the night of the fire.
So you can get your
hands on the insurance money.
And now you are gonna use
that insurance money to try and buy my...
My son, or my brother's son
or whatever the hell he is. Huh?
I'm sorry that it
sounds so cold.
But Jesus Christ,
he doesn't even have a name yet.
Okay, where are the batteries?
I thought we were supposed to be having
a break from the sex, okay.
Getting to know each other.
It has taken me 35 years
to start having sex.
Thirty five years okay?
Don't make me feel
dirty for having an appetite.
Most guys you know
they would kill to be in your shoes.
Oh!
Kenny, are you okay?
Just get out of my house.
Dude, this is a complete misunderstanding.
I understand completely.
You screwed the woman I loved.
Well, I snuck into
Mike's mom's house like you told me to.
I found what he was hiding.
Gay parents.
Found these pictures
in the back of the closet.
I actually uh...
When I was over there I also
um, set his mom's house on fire.
We caught a live one.
Two floors involved, third
and fourth about to happen.
Saddle up, boys.
All right, probie,
I hope you're ready for this.
You're not supposed
to call me probie.
Hey, I call you what you are,
asshole, all right?
You jump off the rig,
you get on my ass
and you stay there.
Hang on for dear goddamn life.
All right, hold on. Hold on.
All right, 62 is here.
- Sixty-two.
Yeah, what do we got?
Seven-one Truck is up there.
- What?
- Big 71 is parking up.
Got it. Nils, get the ladder.
Come on, let's roll.
What the hell is going on?
Oh, Jesus Christ! Tom!
Jesus Christ.
Tommy, get the probie,
get in the bucket.
Raise the ladder, Nils.
Let's go.
Nils, get that fucking bucket closer.
That's as close as it'll get.
Stone cold
I think I'm taking you home
So I can be broken in two
Just like you
Sexy eyes and c'est la vie
I'll call you sometime
When I'm blue
Blue
Say so
I'm getting under your skin
So soft I can't help but pursue
Till I'm screwed
Sunset, everything's fire
But I can't
Get any higher
Come get this lightning
And rain all over me
Come to
I forget all of it
Someone
I can't remember at all
Is gonna fall
Oh, babe
Without any doubt
There is one thing
I am nothing without, and--
Oh, babe, surely you know
I'll never tell you
Come back down
Come
If you're dumb
Oh, babe,
Without any doubt
There is one thing
I am nothing without...
Oh, babe, surely you know
I'll never tell you
I love you so much.
You have no idea.
Sunrise
Dispatch we need additional
companies and rescue at this location.
Fully in go.
Many civilian casualties.
Copy that, 62.
Attention all units citywide,
four-alarm upgrade.
Any available units respond
to assist at the Harlem fire.
Contact Fire Truck 1.
Sunrise
Yeah, notify Medical.
There's more of them coming out
Shine on
I can see clearly
The light on
Crashing me into the rocks
You Siren sweet
Street
On another day
C'mon, c'mon
With these ropes tied tight
Can we do no wrong?
Now we grieve
'Cause now it's gone
Things were good
When we were young
When my teeth bite down
I can see the blood
Of a thousand men
Who have come and gone
Now we grieve
'Cause now it's gone
Things were good
When we were young
Is it safe to stay?
C'mon, c'mon
Was it right to leave?
Will I ever learn?
C'mon, c'mon
Jesus.
I know.
- Hey.
- You all right?
Yeah.
Nice work.
What's wrong?
Hey, we-- We, uh...
Jesus.
They're all burned up, Tom.
- Well, we just--
- They must have--
They must've been dead
before you got there.
No, man, we got them
in the bucket.
We had to go back
and get the mom.
Tommy, we thought
we had three, at least.
We did all we can, man.
Seven?
Seven.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, well, where the hell
is he right now?
You got it?
I can handle it.
There were seven in there.
- Tom, we did everything we could.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
All right, here's what I'm gonna say.
You know, a lot of us, me included,
we say that the heroes are the guys
that don't make it
back to the house.
Well, tonight,
you're my goddamn heroes.
That was a ball-buster,
and every one of you did what
you were supposed to do,
including the new guy.
I'm goddamn proud to be
working with a crew like this.
Any minute now,
that alarm's gonna go
and we will have to make a run
because some fat broad
got her big ass stuck in a tub,
or some asshole went off the
rails on the West Side Highway.
He's all banged up
but he's still alive
because he's high
as a goddamn kite.
And we are gonna
answer those calls
the same way we answered
this one tonight.
Balls to the wall, gentlemen.
Anybody needs me,
I'm gonna be in my office.
Call my wife and kids,
and I'm gonna have a nice
big mug of Jack Daniels.
- Kid.
- Yeah.
Good job tonight.
Not just the save on that kid, but...
You know.
Pulling me in when
I was going off the side.
That was good.
Thanks, bro. Thanks.
I'm sick of macaroni and cheese.
Well, eat it anyway.
Where's the phone?
How the hell should I know?
Hey. Watch your mouth, young lady.
Hello?
Hey.
How you doing?
How am I doing?
Hey.
Go back there, sit back there,
- and finish your food.
- I don't want it!
And keep your voice down.
Get back here.
Oh, goddamn it,
Kathleen Marie Gavin,
get your ass back to this table.
What do you want?
I'm just, uh, calling, checking in.
See how, you know,
- making sure you guys are okay.
- Yeah.
We're all right.
What gives?
Nothing, honey, I just...
What, you called to say nothing?
I-- I called because I was
just thinking of you guys and...
What?
All right, so Katy's in a bad mood?
Yeah.
She's not near the baby, is she?
Oh, Jesus, no.
Thank God, he's fast asleep.
How?
What do you mean how?
Benadryl.
What?
Well, I didn't say anything.
Yeah, you didn't have to.
Look, just remember that Katy and I
are going to that truck show
tomorrow night.
Yeah, I got it. Yeah.
Mm-hm. And Colleen called,
by the way.
She needs more money.
Okay. Um...
Okay?
That's all that you have to say?
Well, I'll-- I'll go over
there and, you know--
Yeah, you're gonna call her
and end up forking over
another 400 bucks or so
that we can't afford,
to buy her some jeans
or a new chair or whatever
to try to get her to stay
in contact with you.
- Honey.
- Hello?
What?
I gotta go.
Hey.
Hate to say I told you so,
but told you so.
What?
Hey.
In other news,
it's been confirmed now
that a total of seven children
and one female adult have died
in what has become known
as the baby fire.
- Last night...
- Come on, guys.
Hey. Yo.
The mom died last night.
- What?
- Yeah.
She was fine when we left.
Yeah, her heart gave out at the hospital.
Read them and weep, guys.
Needles won't be up today.
I sent him back over to his family.
Jesus Christ.
It was a mess, chief.
One of the worst I ever saw.
Papers say it was a space heater.
First floor, the curtains went up
and the mother runs
out of the apartment
to warn the neighbors.
She leaves the door open.
The fire follows her right up.
Up the stairs
like a goddamn chimney.
I talked to Eddie
and he's over there right now.
He says the goddamn staircase
is alligatored.
It didn't stand a chance.
Oh shit, sorry, guys.
Sorry.
Hey, guys.
- Hey.
- The mom died, Garrity.
- You're kidding.
It's a sin.
Shit.
Oh, boy.
Well, all that shit I said
to you last night?
About what a kick-ass job I did?
Yeah, you did.
I heard he was as cool as a cucumber.
- He was, man.
- I was.
Except for that part
where you disappeared.
- Scared the shit out of me.
- Yeah, I know, I know.
Scared me too.
I-- I couldn't find her.
But, pretty much it's everything,
everything you did last night.
- The T.O. catch.
- It's that.
- Me pulling you back in.
- Yeah. And all that mess.
Straight goddamn A's
across the board.
But don't start believing
that that means
I'm not gonna continue
to bust your balls around here.
I don't like your political views,
your religious views,
or your general sort of,
you know,
kiss-my-black-ass attitude.
- Right back at you.
- All right, enough.
- Hey.
Whatcha doing?
Taking down the Tommy pictures.
Oh. The shrine?
The shrine. Yeah.
That's funny, by the way.
Oh, yeah, well, does, uh--
Does that mean
that you want me to come over?
Because I'm all fresh.
No. No. Definitely not.
Well, then, why are you taking
down the pictures?
Because he sucks.
- Did you see the paper this morning?
- No.
Seven kids died in a fire that Tommy
and his crew were at last night.
Seven.
Not one kid made it out alive.
And here I am thinking
he's a hero. Asshole.
Wait, wait, wait a minute.
- Listen--
- You know what?
Just don't call me any more.
Come on. Come on.
That's it. That's it.
That's it.
Yeah. Whoo!
Come on, Franco, that's it. Let's go.
Yes!
Come on over here.
Come on, move it.
Come on, yeah.
Yes. Yes.
Yes.
Hey, you. Mike. Eyes front.
Come on, put it up there.
Put it up there.
Yeah.
Yes.
Time out.
Come on.
All right, bring it around,
boys, bring it around.
Jesus, kid,
you're a goddamn gold mine.
- Yeah.
- Way to go.
- Amazing, man.
- Keep it up.
All right, you guys get some
drinks and stuff, okay?
Told you to guard their man.
What are you doing?
You guys aren't doing anything
right, I mean...
Maybe we should, uh...
Maybe we should have a, uh--
Huddle.
- Yeah, a huddle.
- A huddle.
- Definitely we need a huddle.
- We need that.
Our uniforms are great.
They're awesome.
- Good.
- Okay, guys, let's huddle up.
All right, uh--
Uh, I got nothing to say
because you guys are playing
like the goddamn
Celtics out there.
It's just amazing.
I mean-- The Larry Bird 1980s
championship Celtics, okay?
I mean, I got no notes, you know?
So, what I think we should do,
just to make things look better
is I'm gonna draw a giant vagina on this
little board here.
While I'm doing that, you guys
make it look like I'm drawing,
like, some strategy thing, okay?
Instead of the giant kind of
vagina that I'm drawing.
Yeah, which really is the
point of all this.
I mean, the reason why,
you know, you play sports
is to-- Is to meet girls.
So, what I want you to do
is look at this giant
black-and-white vagina
that I'm drawing here.
But I want you to go out
and I want score another 55 points
and we can all get laid
and we can all make
more money, okay?
So on 3, vagina.
One, two, three.
Vagina!
Yes. Let's go.
- Excuse me, guys.
- Sure.
Hey.
Great game.
Yeah. Yeah.
The new kid's a charm.
So did you see me up there?
You know...
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, I did and, um, I can't.
I can't do this any more.
Yeah, I know, me neither.
It's so drafty up there.
No, not that. I mean that,
you know, I can--
I can do all day
or most of the day, actually.
At some point I'd probably
have to climb up and take a closer look.
Um, I'm talking about us.
You know, I-- I, um,
I just think that we're,
you know, done.
Uh, unless--
Listen, I'm sorry,
you know, about what happened.
But I can't really apologize
more than that.
I made a mistake.
You know, now I'm ready
to move forward.
Quickly.
You know, very forward, very fast.
Yeah, look, Theresa, okay?
It's just that, you know,
I've come to this realization
after four and half decades
on this godforsaken,
chocolate-filled planet
that, you know, I want a kid.
You know? Kids.
A couple, maybe.
Oh.
Now, was that kind of a, "Oh,
me too, I want kids"
kind of an "Oh"?
No. No. I taught kids for 10 years.
Ten long, loud, B.O.-filled years.
And I just-- I don't really like kids.
I hate kids.
They're just giant germ factories, really.
Oh.
That was sort of
a death knell type of "Oh"--
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
- Yeah.
Yeah, that's what that was.
That was-- Yeah.
- Alrighty, then.
- Okay, so, uh, I'll see you.
Yeah. Great.
Oh, wait, you know what,
there's just one more thing.
I'm gonna need to get
my handcuffs, and my whip,
and my leather lingerie back.
Also the box of edible panties
would be great.
I, um...
I ate all the edible panties.
You ate the panties.
Chocolate flavored?
Yeah, and, um,
vanilla and strawberry.
We had a, you know,
Neapolitan thing going.
- Amen.
- Yeah.
Ah.
Daddy.
Oh, my God, look at you.
You're so big.
- I grew.
- You sure did.
I mean, my gosh, you--
You're all grown up.
Are you married?
You got kids or what?
Mommy says I shouldn't get
married until I'm 30.
She says I have to figure out
my own life and my own power
before I can be
with somebody else.
Your own power, huh?
Well, Mommy's very smart.
Honey, why don't you change
into your, uh,
other clothes,
your play clothes,
and Daddy's gonna take you
for some ice cream.
- Okay.
- And ask Donald
where the puppy's leash is
and then you can
- her with you too, okay?
- Don't leave without me.
No, I'm not gonna do that, baby.
- My God, she's grown a foot.
- I know!
I know, well, not quite,
but give her another few weeks.
You should see how much
she eats, it's staggering.
Yeah.
- Well, you're looking good.
- So do you. You look good too.
- Thanks.
- So you're-- You're back.
Yep.
Well, how long
do you plan on staying?
Uh, permanently, possibly.
- I thought you liked Europe.
- I love Europe.
And, I mean, it was even more wonderful
seeing it through her eyes.
She's so smart and joyful
and, uh, curious.
Yeah, we had a blast.
I made some, uh,
scrapbooks with her
of all the different cities
we've been in.
Mm-hm.
- This one is, uh, from Venice.
- Venice?
I think that was one
of our favorite places.
Uh, yep, see.
- Wow.
- Here we are, you know?
- Cool, huh?
- Yeah.
I still feel so bad.
Her cheating on you...
with me.
That bitch.
Well, you know, it's not the first time
she cheated on anyone.
So she's done it before?
She was a nun when I met her,
so technically, you know,
she was married to Jesus.
I guess that makes you
the other man, huh?
That's a mighty impressive
takeaway on your part.
Yeah, well, real proud about that,
even if it means I'm taking
the express train to hell.
Well, look, it was worth it, right?
No, not really.
But you know...
I mean, you're family, Mike.
That's what's important.
Family, you know.
That-- That unbreakable bond.
And I'm willing to forgive and forget.
Bros before hoes, right?
Bros before hoes.
Great. Now let's get shitfaced
and make it official.
One night we couldn't
sleep and, um, so we got up
and we started wandering
around all the canals
and all the little, kind of,
twisty back alleys
and, gosh, it was so quiet.
It was magical, really, and, uh,
as the sun was coming up
and the fog burned away,
she turned to me and she said,
"You know, we should
bring Daddy here sometime."
Oh.
It really pissed me off.
Yeah.
She wants you in her life.
She needs you.
We need you.
So I was thinking maybe we
should give it another go.
Um, I, um...
Alicia, I-- I-- I kinda--
I met someone.
- A girl.
- You met a girl?
No, you're kidding. Not you.
It's serious.
What does that mean?
Like, a week or something?
I gave her a ring.
- So this is love.
- I guess so.
I mean, yeah, um, totally.
Yeah. It's love.
So when's the big day?
Well, we haven't gotten
that far yet, but--
Well, she knows about
Keela and-- And us?
Yeah. Yeah.
- And you're happy.
- Yeah.
So I guess you won't be moving
in here any time soon.
- Uh, no.
- Just checking. Okay.
Wow. Um...
Well, I'm happy for you.
I'm really happy for you.
- Thank you.
- I guess we'll work something out.
Like, maybe on the--
Every other weekend or--
Except, of course, you've got
a schedule problem sometimes.
But we could think about--
We don't have to figure it out right now.
We've got, uh, time.
- Yeah. We've got time.
- Hey.
Hi. That was fast.
Hi, I'm ready for ice cream.
Let's go.
- Yeah, ice cream. Sounds good.
- Right, all right.
I want Mommy to come.
I want you and Mommy and me
to all be together.
Uh...
I think that maybe this is a time
for you to have a special time
with Daddy all to yourself.
- Yeah. And, um--
- Okay.
I'm gonna stay here and have
some Mommy time all to myself.
All right?
- Okay.
- All right, let's go.
And no ice cream for Penny.
- Okay.
You guys have fun.
- All right, we'll be back soon.
Yeah.
So listen, bro. I got
kind of a confession to make.
- I know why you're gay.
- I'm not gay, dude.
Yes, you are.
Come on. And here's why.
Your parents were gay.
- What?
- Yeah, your parents are gay.
They're homos, Mike. Come on.
- How do you know about that?
- Well, ahem,
that's the other part of the
confession I was getting to.
Remember that big fire at your
mom's house that burned the house down?
I broke in that night
and I rooted around in the closets
and I found all the pictures.
Well, never mind the pictures.
Did you see who burned
my mom's house down?
I'm sorry, dude,
I'm really sorry.
- You can hit me if you want.
- Ow.
Ow! Asshole!
You said I could hit you.
I'm sorry.
It was a reflex. I--
Jesus, I feel terrible
about your mom's house, I do.
It was an accident, Mike.
I swear to God.
So that's why the guys are
calling you Zippo.
Yeah. Yeah.
How pissed are you?
I don't know.
You mean about the slap?
No, about the fire, asshole.
I'm not really that
pissed, I guess, you know.
I mean, to be honest, I was--
That place was kind of like--
It had a lot of bad memories,
you know?
And I'm kind of
happy to be rid of it, I guess.
Wow.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- But you know what?
- Yeah?
You're wrong about a few things.
I'm not gay, and having gay
parents doesn't make you gay.
Right, okay. Well, it's gotta
increase the chances
a little bit, don't you think?
I don't know. Maybe.
Bro, can-- Can you just do me a favor?
Of course, dude. Anything. You name it.
- Promise?
- I promise.
Can you not tell the guys
about my parents?
Okay. Okay.
Yeah, I wouldn't.
I would never.
- Thanks.
- That's, yeah...
I mean, I-- I kind of already did.
You dick!
- Ow!
- Sorry, I was--
- What are you doing?
- I was anticipating.
I didn't-- I can't believe I--
- You all right?
- Don't touch me, asshole.
Come on, hey.
Shit.
- Yeah?
- Hey, Dad.
- Hey, what's wrong?
- Nothing.
Need some money?
I can't believe
that you would think
- that I would be calling you--
- Okay, you know what, sweetheart?
I raised you from
when you were a zygote, okay?
You got my DNA, all right?
I can read you like a book.
I know you're calling me
about money
and I know you're not
calling me about, like, little money.
It must be
the rent money, right?
Nobody calls about a goddamn
blender at this time of night.
Yes.
Um, is your, uh,
ring-nosed loser boyfriend,
kind of sitting there
talking you through this call?
- No.
- Uh-huh. All right.
What's he saying?
Tell you what,
I'll drop the money by,
uh, later tonight, all right?
And tell your boyfriend he can stop.
Stop.
Thanks, Dad.
- Okay, I love you.
- Me too.
Yeah. Do you really love me
or is it just about the money?
What?
The letter tells all about you.
So you'd be foolish
to fire that gun.
Isn't she wonderful?
Isn't she extravagant?
What?
How are you doing?
I'm having a personal trauma.
What?
- Me and Troy broke up for good.
- Troy?
- My valley.
- Oh.
Because of the fire.
The fire?
The baby fire.
Jesus Christ, they're
calling it the baby fire?
Yeah, he even took down
the Tommy Gavin shrine, so--
Oh. Wait a minute.
Oh, that guy.
Yeah, I think that
he was sleeping with me
to hang out with you.
And then he said you're
not even a hero any more
because you let seven babies
die in the fire and then I just...
Okay, you-- It was a goddamn
inferno, Sheila.
- I know.
- It was unbelievable.
I know.
I'm just telling you what he said.
Are you there?
Yeah, I'm here.
I mean, I'm telling you,
they were dropping kids
out the windows
- as we pulled up.
- I know.
- You know?
- I know. I read about it.
Are you okay?
No.
Let me ask you something.
That, uh, plan
that you offered up
about, you know, my kid.
Yeah?
That, uh, still stand?
Yes.
By all means, yes.
- Tommy?
- What?
Are we gonna--
Are we gonna do this?
Nah. No. No, I can't do it.
I'll talk to you later.
Shit.
Come on, pal.
Come on. Oh, yeah. All right.
We all set?
Here we go.
- Hello?
- Hey, it's Mick.
Hey, what's going on?
I got a call from Maggie.
I got a feeling her drinking's
completely out of control.
- She said she's in Montreal.
- Canada?
Yeah. She thought
she was in Paris at first.
Then I get a call from Uncle Teddy's
wife saying he needs help.
Listen, I got an idea how to help them,
but I want to run it by you.
Maybe I drop by in the next
couple of days.
Yeah.
So, um, how you been doing, drinkingwise?
You making any meetings?
No, I've been busy
with the baby
and I'm mostly going off
the little black book.
The 24-hours-a-day book.
Yeah, well, the black book
only goes so far.
Well, it's working for me, pal.
Well, you're sure
you're good, huh?
So you saw the, uh--
The baby fire in the news.
Jesus Christ.
The baby fire. You know what--
They're still calling it
the baby fire, I guess.
Why don't they call it the,
you know,
16-appliances- plugged-into-
one-wall-socket fire?
How about that, huh?
Yeah, I know, Tom. I'm just
saying what they're saying.
Or how about the
God-doesn't-really-give-a-shit
about-poor-black-kids fire?
How about that name?
- Tom.
- It's unbelievable to me, man.
It really is. What was God
thinking here, Mick?
What did he have in mind?
We don't know, you know?
Maybe he was showing his mercy.
Maybe he was saving these kids
from a fate far worse
down the line somewhere.
Either way,
it's out of our hands.
Let me tell
you something, okay?
We carried those goddamn kids
out in our goddamn hands, okay?
Because their moron parents
plugged in faulty space heaters
because they were trying
to keep warm
because their shit-ass
landlords were too cheap
to keep the goddamn heat on.
God had nothing to do with it.
God doesn't even enter
into the equation, okay?
According to your theory,
I guess God had Connor run over
by a drunk driver. Why?
To spare him the fate of maybe
having cancer of the ass
when he was 42 years old? Is
that what's going on Mick? Huh?
Or maybe because of his DNA
he becomes a raging alcoholic,
gets behind the wheel
with a load on
and runs over somebody else's
innocent kid 15 years from now.
Maybe that's what's happening.
Did you ever think of that?
Huh? Tom?
Yeah.
Tommy.
Nobody knows nothing, Mick.
Not until it happens.
You're wrong.
Everything happens for a reason.
Yeah?
Yeah.
All right.
You got no choice here, Tommy.
Janet, she don't want him.
You give him to Sheila,
and Janet's just gonna
take him back out of spite,
and then what do you got?
You got a mother raising a kid
day by day, little by little,
inch by inch filling that
kid up with a lack of love.
Adoption? No way.
I don't want my kid being
raised by no stranger.
You know what I'm saying?
And me, I'm not gonna be around.
And you sure as shit
ain't gonna be able
to get over your hatred for me
for what I done enough
to be a-- A go-to type of dad, you know?
I'm telling you,
this kid, you and I both know
that he's got a life of misery
coming at him.
Full of lawyers and self-loathing,
absentee dads.
Put him out of his misery, Tommy.
Drop him in the river.
It's the right thing to do.
Do it.
Do it for me.
If my man was fighting
Some unholy war
I would be behind him
Straight shook up
Beside him
With strength
He didn't know
It's you I'm fighting for
He can't lose
With me in tow
I refuse to let him go
At his side
And drunk on pride
We wait for the blow
We put it in writing
But who you writing for?
Just us on kitchen floor
Justice done, reciting
My stomach standing still
Like you're reading my will
He still stands in spite
Of what his scars say
And I'll battle
Till this bitter finale
Just me, my dignity
And this guitar case
Whoa-oh-oh
Whoa-oh
If my man was fighting
Some unholy war
I would be behind him
Straight shook up
Beside him
With strength
He didn't know
It's you I'm fighting for
If my man was fighting
Some unholy war